<p>My advice would be to use <a href="http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/t71a733d%28VS.80%29.aspx" rel="nofollow noreferrer">ClickOnce</a> technology to deploy your application.  There are details in this <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2365431/is-clickonce-still-the-way-to-go-for-winform-app-deployment">previous question</a>. But here is an excerpt:</p>

<p>Directly from the words of MS, ClickOnce overcomes three issues in deployment:</p>

<ul>
<li>Difficulties in updating
applications. With Microsoft Windows
Installer deployment, whenever an
application is updated, the user must
reinstall the entire application;
with ClickOnce deployment, you can
provide updates automatically. Only
those portions of the application
that have changed are downloaded,
then the full, updated application is
reinstalled from a new side-by-side
folder.</li>
<li>Impact to the user's computer. With
Windows Installer deployment,
applications often rely on shared
components, with the potential for
versioning conflicts; with ClickOnce
deployment, each application is
self-contained and cannot interfere
with other applications.</li>
<li>Security permissions. Windows
Installer deployment requires
administrative permissions and allows
only limited user installation;
ClickOnce deployment allows
non-administrative users to install
and grants only those Code Access
Security permissions necessary for
the application.</li>
</ul>